Narrator: You are listening to a recording of
The Adventures of Bob and Susie.
Susie: Bob! Get out of the toilet.
Narrator: Susie yelled at her friend.
He thought just because he was older he could do whatever he wanted.
Well- he couldn't.
Bob: Susie, can't you see? I dropped my dentures in there!
Susie: I don't care.
Bob: Well I do!
Narrator: And that settled it. Bob was stubborn.
Maybe that was why she loved him- stubborn was just a... turn-on for her.
Susie: Look, I don't like this. Mom told you not to reach into the toilet, Bob.
Bob: Well, I don't-
Bob: (screaming)
Narrator: A hand reached out of the toilet.
Susie: Bob!
Narrator: -was all Susie managed to yell before Bob got pulled under.
Bob: (screaming and drowning)
Susie had to do something. But what?
Susie got out the plunger.
Susie: I'll save you, Bob!
Narrator: -she yelled.
A hand reached out and grabbed the plunger.
Susie: No!
Narrator: She said, annoyed.
Susie: This can't be happening!
The hand pulled. She pulled back.
The hand pulled.
She forgot to resist.
Susie: (screaming and drowning)